Dima you from what talent that you
do you want straight in general is very necessary and you
do not fall on foot do not need husband bag
or a book and do not hear the teddy bear
bag is very, very necessary and not to fall is not
here and here when you once again
open the talent garden and there's nothing there
and which
what are you ready to do at all what
worm figs I have a mass of talents 30
somehow don't care
and restart further, that is, but no
no emotion about this bad here
man upset but everything means
I will be upset too now
but to me it is deep and we will meet
come in
it is clear then I am opening gardens
Well, we start the disorder
here it is a necromancer table
such two candles incomprehensible stack of books
oh upset oh how im all this
upset
even the life of the violet has not fallen
what a hall
about you ancient wars and still
upset pigeon it didn't fall a hundred
why am I alone and
oh there is yelling but not that again
fucking hand which I have 14 pieces
oh all talked out than i upset i
now too I could not get upset
until night you count up here people on that
ready to write if you see will not fall out
dove and promise not to eat tangerines on
new Year
thank you man for your support
you don't eat tangerines for the new year all
now I was better